hello everyone and welcome to the review
of the DeWalt 20 volt max lithium ion
battery charger model DCB 1:06 this
charger comes bundled with the compact
jewel kit model DC d77 1 c 2 which i
also have a review on and you should
definitely check it out
this charges all Dewalt 20 volt max
batteries from the compact batteries to
the high-capacity batteries it's
actually a newer charger that recently
came out and has many differences
compared to the original charger model
DC b101 i know in the video it's hard to
see but it's actually pretty small I
have the original charger right here the
DC v10 one for comparison as you can see
it's it's a lot smaller than the
original it's actually about half the
size and slimmer as well the differences
don't end there the DC be 106 can only
charge the Watts 20 volt max batteries
as opposed to the original charger can
charge both the 20 volt and the 12-volt
max batteries also the original charger
has several features that this one
doesn't have such as this one will tell
you if your batteries are too hot or too
cold to charge or if there's a problem
with your battery pack or your charger
or if there's a problem with your
powerline the DC b10 6 doesn't have any
of those features all it's pretty much
going to do is charge your batteries and
tell you they're done charging also the
original charger is actually a pretty
quick charger as well for example it can
charge a compact 1.5 amp hour battery
pack in about a half hour and a
high-capacity 3.0 amp hour battery pack
in about an hour the DC B 106 is much
slower and charging it actually takes
roughly about twice as long more or less
to tell to charge the same battery packs
for example the compact battery packs
that come with a bundled compact jewel
kit the DC d77
one c2 those batteries are 1.3 amp hour
battery packs and it will charge those
in an hour it charges the regular
compact 1.5 amp hour battery packs in
about an hour and 10 minutes
charges a high-capacity 3.0 high-powered
batteries in 2 hours and 20 minutes
charges the XR compact 2.0 batteries in
an hour and 30 minutes and XR
high-capacity batteries 4.0 in a
whopping 3 hours and 5 minutes those are
much longer charge times in the original
charger now for the similarities both
Chargers have a similar read status LED
light to show you what's going on as
you're charging it will flash on and off
to tell you it's charging and stay solid
to tell you that battery pack is fully
charged on the DCP 1:06 it has a solid
on-and-off flash well the original
charger has a nice glowing flash that
fades in and out the good thing about
these chargers is that once the battery
is charged you can leave it on the
charger safely for a long period of time
without having to worry about the
charger over charging the battery or
damaging the battery ok so now we're at
the end of the review and my final
thoughts for the newer Dewalt charger or
this the DC be 106 it gets the job done
without any extra bells and whistles I
think it's a great way to get started
with the DeWalt 20 volt max power tools
especially for those of you who are on a
tight budget and don't mind very long
charge times it's a good charger for
those of you who aren't going to be
doing a lot of frequent work with your
power tools and you really don't need to
swap batteries often otherwise I would
suggest you spend a little bit more
money for the original charger so there
you have it folks the review of the
DeWalt 20 volt max battery charger model
DCB 1:06 thanks for watching